Qin Feng, who cares if you like it or not?
You really consider yourself a dear king
Do you have a say here?
Qin Feng, are you crazy?
Today's banquet
It's for that big guy
Open for the king of Beijing
You're talking nonsense here
The challenge is not ours
It is the supreme blue army boy
You need me more
Is it just to create a sense of presence?
It's a pity
You don't realize the true value of identity realization.
Merit means 12 hundred feet multiplied by blood
It took seven, seven, forty-nine days to extract
It symbolizes our Dai
The tribe rises and falls on that little determination
This seal is not to be touched by the powerful
Those who are not wealthy should not be touched
Not to be touched by the glorious
Non-Kowloon Exalts cannot be touched
Oh, it does?
Certainly.
This merit means the future of my white head
It is the hope of twelve heads
What about you?
I throw the world away
How can you be sure?
I am not the One who is glorious for all eternity
You can put on airs in front of the 12th centurion
Are you really not afraid of death?
Hahaha Twelve Cities of Lust
Just a bunch of mediocre people
Delusions to show off the blood of filth
In exchange for eternal glory
Ok so
I will fulfill you
Don't tell me that
Are you selling the seal?
Sister-in-law, there are hundreds of companies to choose from
Those with wings like dragons must die